## Minecraft SKY

1. Install the latest version of Minecraft SKY
2. Update Forge to the latest version (10.13.4.1614)
3. Remove CodeChickenLib, FastCraft and OptiFine
4. Replace CodeChickenCore, Chisel, EnderIO, EnderCore, ForgeMultipart, LogisticsPipes, Mantle, NotEnoughItems, Tinkers' Construct, Twilight Forest and Waila with their unofficial (GTNH) versions.
5. Replace Gilded Games Utility with Gilded Game Utils - Fix
6. Update all mods to their latest versions
7. Install [ModularUI 2](https://github.com/GTNewHorizons/ModularUI)
8. Make sure you have all of [these mods](https://github.com/Radk6/MC-Optimization-Guide/blob/main/mods-n-stuff/1.7.10.md) installed
9. Set the game to run with GraalVM Java 24

Known issues: None (yet?)

## Project Ozone 2

1. Download the latest version of Project Ozone 2
2. Remove CodeChickenLib and FastCraft 
3. Replace NotEnoughItems, LogisticsPipes, Chisel, Ender IO, Ender Core, ForgeMultipart, CodeChickenCore and CodeChickenLib with their Unofficial (GTNH) versions. Some of them are on CurseForge, but some can only be downloaded from GitHub.
4. Install [ModularUI 2](https://github.com/GTNewHorizons/ModularUI)
5. Make sure you have all of [these mods](https://github.com/Radk6/MC-Optimization-Guide/blob/main/mods-n-stuff/1.7.10.md) installed
6. Set the game to run with GraalVM Java 24

Known issues: None (yet?)

Note: You may need to replace a few other mods (Carpenters' Blocks? Tinkers' Construct?) with their GTNH versions.

## SkyFactory 2.5

1. Install the latest version of the pack
2. Remove CodeChickenLib, FastCraft and Mercurius
3. Replace NotEnoughItems, Chisel, Wireless Redstone-CBE, Ender IO, Ender Core, ForgeMultipart and CodeChickenCore with their Unofficial (GTNH) versions. Some of them are on CurseForge, but some can only be downloaded from GitHub.
4. Make sure you have all of [these mods](https://github.com/Radk6/MC-Optimization-Guide/blob/main/mods-n-stuff/1.7.10.md) installed
5. Set the game to run with GraalVM Java 24

Known issues: None (yet?)

Note: You may need to replace a few other mods (Carpenters' Blocks? Tinkers' Construct?) with their GTNH versions.
